VibeSpec Individual Contributor License Agreement ("Agreement") v1.0Thank you for your interest in VibeSpec. In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, the Project Maintainers ("Us", "We") must have a Contributor License Agreement on file that has been signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the terms below.1. Definitions"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement."Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You for inclusion in, or documentation of, the VibeSpec project."Submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the VibeSpec maintainers, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems (e.g., GitHub), and issue tracking systems.2. Grant of Copyright LicenseSubject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Us and to recipients of software distributed by Us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.3. Grant of Patent LicenseSubject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Us a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work. This license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted.4. Right to Re-License and Commercial UseYou acknowledge and agree that We may:Re-license the Contribution: We reserve the right to license the Contribution and the Work under any other license, including but not limited to copyleft, permissive, commercial, Business Source Licenses (BSL), or proprietary licenses.SaaS and Agentic Operations: Use the Contribution in the context of network-based services, application service providing, cloud services, and Software as a Service (SaaS).AI Training: Use the Contribution to develop, refine, and train AI models (including the VibeSpec agent) and to use the results of such training to the same extent as the original code.5. RepresentationsYou represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer has rights to intellectual property that You create, You represent that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation.6. DisclaimerYOUR CONTRIBUTIONS ARE PROVIDED BY YOU ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.7. SupportYou are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all.